README.md, before:

#fastcraft
###Purpose
make a new world with dungeons set to 100
all spawn rates on ores x2 except for diamond which is x5
use bonus chests

what is in here is modified loot tables
almost all drops from mobs are doubled. all percent chance drops are doubled (2.5% chance has been increased to 5% chance)
bonus chests have two spawn villager eggs in them

put the loot table in \.minecraft\saves\WORLDNAME\data\loot_tables

if someone else is joining in, to give them a bonus chest use the following command
`/give PLAYER chest 1 0 {BlockEntityTag:{LootTable:"minecraft:chests/spawn_bonus_chest"}}`

https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/4j6t7f/how_to_bonus_chest_for_each_player_on_a_server/

other ideas
starting difficulty could be easy and then increase it as time goes on
maybe increase to normal when you have full iron armor or something


enderdragon
`/entitydata @e[type=EnderDragon,tag=!processed] {DeathLootTable:"custom:enderdragon",Tags:["processed"]}`

###Recommended World Options
Cheats and bonus chest on

**World Type:** Customized

Setting | Value | Change
--- | --- | ---
Dungeon Count | 100 | (default: 7)
Coal Ore | 40 | (default: 20)
Iron Ore | 40 | (default: 20)
Gold Ore | 4 | (default: 2)
Redstone Ore | 16 | (default: 8)
Diamond Ore | 5 | (default: 1)
Lapis Lazuli Ore | 5 | (default: 1)

##Changes
###Chests
**spawn_bonus_chest**
- Food rolls were doubled (now 6, was 3)
- Chest always includes two villager eggs

*all other chests are the same*
###Entities
**neutral mobs** includes chicken, cow, horse, mushroom cow, ocelot, pig ,polar bear, rabbit, sheep, squid, stray, wolf
- Drop rolls doulbed (now 2, was 1)
- Has 1 roll for experience bottles if a player killed the mob

**hostile mobs** includes blaze, creeper, elder guardian, enderman, endermite, ghast, guardian, iron golem, magma cube, silverfish, skeleton, skelton horse, slime, spider, wolf, wither skeleton, zombie, zombie horse, zombie pigman
- Drop rolls doulbed (now 2, was 1)
- Percent chance drops doubled (now 0.5 was 0.25)
- Has 2 rolls for experience bottles if the player killed the mob

####Ideas/Todo
- Add shulker box to bonus chest (1.11)
- Add Woodland and Ocean Exploration Maps to bonus chest (1.11)

Commit message:

added some links for researching ideas
added some links in the ideas section to look at and possibly implement later. Made notes about zombie.

README.md, after:

#fastcraft
###Purpose
This is supposed to be a faster version of minecraft in that it is intended to have a lot less grinding involved.

what is in here is modified loot tables
almost all drops from mobs are doubled. all percent chance drops are doubled (2.5% chance has been increased to 5% chance)
bonus chests have two spawn villager eggs in them

put the loot table in \.minecraft\saves\WORLDNAME\data\loot_tables

if someone else is joining in, to give them a bonus chest use the following command
`/give PLAYER chest 1 0 {BlockEntityTag:{LootTable:"minecraft:chests/spawn_bonus_chest"}}`

https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/4j6t7f/how_to_bonus_chest_for_each_player_on_a_server/

other ideas
starting difficulty could be easy and then increase it as time goes on
maybe increase to normal when you have full iron armor or something


enderdragon
`/entitydata @e[type=EnderDragon,tag=!processed] {DeathLootTable:"custom:enderdragon",Tags:["processed"]}`

###Recommended World Options
Cheats and bonus chest on

**World Type:** Customized

Setting | Value | Change
--- | --- | ---
Dungeon Count | 100 | (default: 7)
Coal Ore | 40 | (default: 20)
Iron Ore | 40 | (default: 20)
Gold Ore | 4 | (default: 2)
Redstone Ore | 16 | (default: 8)
Diamond Ore | 5 | (default: 1)
Lapis Lazuli Ore | 5 | (default: 1)

##Changes
###Chests
**spawn_bonus_chest**
- Food rolls were doubled (now 6, was 3)
- Chest always includes two villager eggs

*all other chests are the same*
###Entities
**neutral mobs** includes chicken, cow, horse, mushroom cow, ocelot, pig ,polar bear, rabbit, sheep, squid, stray, wolf
- Drop rolls doulbed (now 2, was 1)
- Has 1 roll for experience bottles if a player killed the mob

**hostile mobs** includes blaze, creeper, elder guardian, enderman, endermite, ghast, guardian, iron golem, magma cube, silverfish, skeleton, skelton horse, slime, spider, wolf, wither skeleton, zombie, zombie horse, zombie pigman
- Drop rolls doulbed (now 2, was 1)
- Percent chance drops doubled (now 0.05 was 0.025)
- Has 2 rolls for experience bottles if the player killed the mob

**zombie**
- Rotten flesh drop rate is x1.5. Drops 0-3 pieces (was 0-2)
- random_chance_with_looting for iron ingot, carrot, and potato was set to 0.05 (was 0.025)

###Custom Loot Tables
**enderdragon** (workaround for bug in 1.10.2, will not be needed in 1.11)
- Guaranteed to drop Elytra wings
- Drops 10 experience potions

###Ideas/Todo
- Further increase enderman enderpearl drop rate to 3 or 4 rolls (now 2, was 1)
- Add seeds to zombie?
- Add shulker box to bonus chest (1.11)
- Add Woodland and Ocean Exploration Maps to bonus chest (1.11)
- Add two ender chests to ender dragon loot table (will not revisit until 1.11)
- Add map to bonus chest? (like console version)
- Guaranteed stone tools in bonus chest?
- https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/54rlur/small_vanilla_custom_dungeon_chest_loot_pack/
- https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/5cvlxr/paints_better_loot_tables_cleaning_the_junk_out/
- https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/3qou13/loot_tables_ideas_heres_some_of_mine_what_are/
- Reduce coal settings to 30 (now 40, was 20)
- Reduce lapis settings to 4 (now 5, was 1)
